History Mode Support (#195)
fivetran/dbt_netsuite: CHANGELOG.md

> # dbt_netsuite v1.5.0

Reviewer: README needs to be updated to reference the new version range.

Author: Updated

[PR #195](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_netsuite/pull/195) includes the following updates:

## Feature Update

> - Adds support for Fivetran's [history mode](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts/sync-modes/history-mode) across the following Netsuite2 staging models. When history mode is enabled in your Fivetran connector, the staging models now filter on `_fivetran_active` to include only current, active records. Users without history mode enabled are unaffected — `_fivetran_active` defaults to `true` when the column is absent.

Reviewer: In this update we're only supporting history mode by filtering to include only current active records. Let's include a link to the GitHub FR if a user would like to request full history (not filtering) mode support.

Author: Added

> - Adds support for Fivetran's [history mode](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts/sync-modes/history-mode) across the following Netsuite2 staging models. When history mode is enabled in your Fivetran connector, the staging models now filter on `_fivetran_active` to include only current, active records. Users without history mode enabled are unaffected — `_fivetran_active` defaults to `true` when the column is absent.

Reviewer: We mention users without history mode will remain unaffected, but we should callout if users are currently using history mode then they will see a drop in records and we encourage a full refresh.

Author: Added a note

> - Adds support for Fivetran's [history mode](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts/sync-modes/history-mode) across the following Netsuite2 staging models. When history mode is enabled in your Fivetran connector, the staging models now filter on `_fivetran_active` to include only current, active records. Users without history mode enabled are unaffected — `_fivetran_active` defaults to `true` when the column is absent.

Reviewer: It could be confusing why only these models are being filtered on. Let's clarify these are the only ones that support history mode at the moment.
```suggestion
- Adds support for Fivetran's [history mode](https://fivetran.com/docs/core-concepts/sync-modes/history-mode) for the Netsuite2 source tables that currently support it. When history mode is enabled in your Fivetran connector, the staging models below now filter on `_fivetran_active` to include only current, active records. Users without history mode enabled are unaffected — `_fivetran_active` defaults to `true` when the column is absent.
```

Author: Adding direcrtly
